new party officials
progressive announced today the assumption
unfair dismissal of public employees
guillermo josé towers and with news
as despite attempts have not been
reinstated in his posts the secretary
of education rafael román left without
employment to hundreds of workers
school canteens or at least so
the representative denounced
novoprogressist josé aponte hernández
during a press conference
made in front of the offices
central education department
I have had conversations with employees
from my town of san lorenzo of the region
of humacao from the san juan region in
yesterday afternoon has been happening in
all Puerto Rico accompanied by the
mayor of yauco abel nazario and several
employees of school canteens the
representative indicated that there have been
written communications with the
department but no action has been taken
to restore the now former employees
to their works they draw some lists
calls when in people with
experiences come to fill the
announcement
the call filled up and the list was
made curiously none of the
those who have experiences on their part
nazario certified the discrimination and that
according to him is public employees live
of the island since the current one entered
administration I'm going to go out here to see
to the secretary to tell us which
criteria are simply criteria
if any employee this that was placed in
the evaluation then is out now if
passed the evaluation if it complied with the
requirements I want to know what others
Additional requirements are those that I do not
they met not to be selected
damelis towers is one of the employees
Farewells claimed that their claims never
were attended by the department to
despite several attempts to talk to
some manager of the department of
education in the southern region nobody us
I wanted to attend
this then I had to dare to see
all the staff that left it stopped
València mediocre talk to the ladies
towers that the resource director
human beings and the man who will take care of me
Mr. Burgos and the half fish that
We hoped that he was going to take care of us
agreement with the representative
novoprogresista josé aponte the new
employees hired for the dining rooms
schoolchildren are employees who belong to
the collectivity of the popular party the
claim of the workers of dining rooms
school was the same day of another
protest carried out by the
federation of teachers william josé
son towers noticentro